Thank you husband
Let's go then.
Grandpa, you can't let this liar go like this
Mom
I finally know Fan Wubao
I really underestimated you.
I should have killed you three years ago
See you become dementia
I just let you go
I didn't expect you to be pretending to be sick
I have lived under the eyes of the old man until today
You stole the Dragon God Jade again
Invited this kid to pretend to be the Dragon King again
The purpose is to get from our Zhao family
Take away the agency of this Dragon King Palace
Even if something happens later
The Dragon King will not pursue this matter out of face
So
This agency will fall firmly into your hands
What a big dog gall
I didn't expect you to pretend better than me
I pretended to be the Dragon King to get away
And now I'm dead.
Zhao Wuji, how dare you stop the Dragon King?
Dragon King is well known
The Dragon King has been in seclusion since then
This Dragon King Palace has the Great Elder Suzaku brought it
Since you say you are the Dragon King
Then you call the eldest elder Suzaku
Let everyone meet
If you can't call
Then I'll let you die without a burial place today
This Dragon King doesn't need to prove anything to you yet
You can't call the man.
The Fan family and this kid fake Longgang
Qi Xin is vicious
Ladies and gentlemen, stand with me today.
Destroy the life of the Fan family and this kid
Zhao Zonglong King Shenwei is obvious to all
I don't dare to fight against the Dragon King either.
Yeah, yeah.
Neither do we
You will not stand with me today
Enemy with the Fan family
I will cut him off with the Fan family
Zhou Jie, you are seeking death yourself, don't pull us along
And be an ant
Dare to make enemies of my Zhao family
Come on, please fight the emperor